# Project Proposal Review

* Dep International Trade looking to put out tenure of 50 million pounds per year to UK businesses to help for markets

* Most interested in net trade so services are most important. ALl profits go to UK for services

* Change to Gregory E vdv and Chris middle initial

* Keep this in bullets and collect them

* The key to is to write a the text at the and and collect bullet points with references

* Include references in small fonts below bullet points. Get format of text right.

* Check COS dep style sheet

* Bullets allow the paper to evolve this way

* Make sure I hit the key papers and documents

* Reference the big data statement on weak signal analysis

* By integrating disparate datasets we are going to be able to see signals that are below the noise.

* Grab text that Greg sends me and use it without citation

* If thesis advisor gives you material that is the same as editing you paper

* For the purposes of this analysis we are going to define weak signal analysis as the following... (add this in)

* We want to be more creative and having our definition allows this

* Greg will send a paper and his methodology.

* Break down to analytical approach and then we develop a taxonomy.

* Conceptual framework => this is what I currently have and all is under analytical approach

* Taxonomy => here are the components and how we define them, a schematic figure and then convert this into an algorithm with an associated mathematical expression

* Algorithm => we express this as a mathematical expression

* As a proof of concept we are going to with 5 products. And we are going to make one or two of them a service. And we want to begin for things that are successfully exporting to the US.

* This means they have already navigated tax and tariffs. We recognize that there are other factors that affect trade but we are trying to address on of the more critical ones.

* Make sure people know that there are traditional factors out there that influence trade. We are focusing on identifying prime targets. We are focusing on products and services that are already in teh US market because they have already overcome the barriers associated with traditional economics. We already know they have a green light.

* The point of including services, is that from an export point of view those are the ones that are most profitable in terms of net trade.

* You don't want to create opportunity for criticism by not recognizing factors or that you don't understand. This is defensive component of thesis.

* Expand out the Princeton datasets. Princeton is a repository library. It is has the US data archives. This is a fail system. All of the US census data. Move Amazon census to Princeton.

* Princeton has access to a lot of remote sensing data. As an academic effort you have access to things.

* We are really excited about is the sentinal 2 dataset. This is spectral imaging and ambient population density. They can produce models for crop yields. Here are the number of calories per capital that are available. Here is the average distance from a market. Here is the average income level based on housing materials.

* The first person to bring this into the aid development to the world. NASA has a build it and they will come attitude. Now they have to justify that system.

* NASA will help you if you have a grant or associated with a US interesting a US academic institution.

* Focus on unique datasets that I can bring to the table from Princeton. Propriety data and analysis.

* Move as much under princeton as I can.

* Expand on systems architecture. Categorize data and then such say such as this data set. And then put all the categories out there with several datasets. Organize the datasets.

* You might want to say a little bit about developing a database and these are the tools that we are going to be using. If you say you have this big amazing database then everyone is going to want to take advantage or your "asset".

* I am going to be developing this database. It can populate itself using these systems. It will be updating itself every 24 hours. I have a database that goes out there and pings the sources looking for updates everyday. We are building a true database "source of truth".

* Library is going to include your development of the weak signal analysis algorithm.

* Greg will be sending a description of weak signal analysis of methodology.

* Will develop an analytical product to match the decision making requirements.

* Its going to be suites of indicators with various ratings that have various ratings that have an impact. We are going to create suites of indicators no one of which of is indicative but in combination are valuable. These will composites of 15 to 20 different indicators.

* Why is a much harder question and from a business perspective you do not want to give away your secret sauce.

* The evaluation should not be yes no questions but instead be along the lines of "to what extent". Need to set up levels of success. Empirical quantitative and expressed probabilistic terms.

* Mike Jackson with the national science foundation at the south pole

* Jeffery Park => is at Yale => he will run the algorithm by

* We could hind cast on market data from the past to evaluate.

* List of five products.

* British bicycle clothing company (Mike Jackson)

* British beers that export

* Financial services

* British companies that are selling online. Are we recommending that they build a brick and mortar store or operate through existing markets. Why put a store somewhere were people are not buying them.

## ToDo

1. Will send me documents with weak signal analysis, conceptual approach, algorithm, methodology.

1. Put together a big list of products

1. Hone project proposal and cite

1. Look for citations on thinking global and contracting opportunity

1. Send not on time for next week