Tier 1 => BrewDog, Oliver Bonas

Tier 2 => Rapha, Brompton

Tier 3 => Monica Vinader



Show exports by size as a continuous graph not as one with buckets. What are the natural breaks. Why are 9-10, 50-250, 250+. Go for a continuous graph. Trying to answer the question, where should the UK focus? Big companies do not need help and are not a client for this type this analysis. Add additional resolution. Explain the intervals as why they are the way they are.



Medium sized have the highest ROI



Add table for what the definition of our study and not what is provided by the UK and EU. Put forward the table and categories we are interested in. Why are we defining them as such and this is why we are focusing. Increasing their exports by X percent will increase UK revenue by Y percent



Edward Tufte => on how data should be presented



Make the Sector Export chart titles clearer => create the same figure for the medium-sized enterprises that we are focusing on 



Recognize that there are services that contribute but we are focusing on products because we are focusing on B2C not B2B. 



Hedge your bets and pick 5 instead of 3 so that you can drop a couple. Start with three and then have one great that works well. Start with top three. 



let him know when I remake the tables with the new data



move on to collecting some of the data based on the locations of these companies.



It would be great to use the revenues of the individual locations. That would make it much more granular. 



Contact BrewDog saying you are doing all this work and then weave this into asking about the revenues being force ranked.



Send him info in a couple days.



10am on 27th follow up call

## Todo

Transcribe notes from meeting that are in the journal including formal model and new methodology

Create graph of exports by size that is not bucketed but instead continuous. 

Explain that medium sized businesses have the highest ROI

Create a table with the thesis definition of enterprise size instead of the definition provided by the UK or EU

Create the same sector export char but focused solely on our definition medium-sized enterprises

Make the sector export chart clearer (titles especially). 

Explain why large businesses do not need help or gain much from this type of analysis

Add a recognition that services contribute but we are focusing on B2C products and most services are B2B. Our analysis is catered to the demand side

Update Greg when I remake the tables

Add data on Oliver Bonas (company)

Contact BrewDog that we are doing all of this work on a thesis and then eventually weave in ask for revenue data

Think of ways to get revenue for individual locations in the UK

Begin collecting measures that are created from the data sources.

