# Planning

## Components

---

* you have a real research experience

* don't want a mile wide and an inch deep and want you to understand a larger context

* pick a general field or concept (big data) what does that mean how has it evolved 5 bs of data

* Aid or Development is where we are focusing or Export or identifying marketing or terrorist groups

* Full capabilities of big data have not been applied

* concept of computer science you are interested in and the field and here this is and here is big data and here is how we can address the issue. The benefits of big data have not been fully applied. I am attempting to apply these techniques

* this creates why we should care but also why it is important

* Interesting technology (big data) and interesting problem and are going to bring it together

* You need a new approach or fresh thinking on the problem (original contribution)

* This could be on data integration

* Four Vs of big data (volume) scraping through social media is not interesting 

* V (variety) how do you mix satellite data with census data (this is creative stuff and where I will be focusing on)

* Integrating different types of data (how they respond and types of response)

* What they think you are answering is not what you are actually answering (IRC applicable)

* Need some snappy term (weak signal analysis)

* integrating different types of data but then finding information that is not available in any single

* no longer data limited but analysis limited

* integrate data in different ways

* **create two page bulleted outline of thesis**

* check off the box that says that this COS dep as a thesis

* cool data set to use (every thesis needs a data set)

* then develop whatever it is you are going to develop

* we use python (Jupyter notebooks) + R for statistical analysis language is Python

* Make sure that what I develop is at a level of COS thesis based on Moretti

* Enabled a capability by taking existing statistical application and applying in a more tailored way and integrate teh data set to see information / signals that are not in one data set

* iPhone makes better pictures not improving the optics but taking multiple photos (data stacking) => use this metaphor in paper

* intellectual concept of eliminating noise (weak signal analysis) => instead of stacking photos we are stacking data sets => all of which contain an image of some phenomenon you are trying to discover

* can you literally apply photographic image techniques to use on other datasets

* there are indicators but what we are looking for is not present as a single indicator but rather set of indicators

* combination of factors reveal new information => Osama found because expensive house AND no communications

* taking secondary indicators are going to be profiling

## Topic

---

### Human Trafficking

concept of human trafficking and fishing SSD (sustainable dev goals) in south east asia, how do you measure a hidden crime => how do you find or stop human trafficking in fishing industry. Population and education and economic levels => identify ecosystem => ecosystem analysis => what are the factors that allow this system to exist

### Brexit

Maxwell Stamp (eco consulting) => working for the dep of international trade => scrambling to improve exports. 50 million pounds per year to increase UK exports around the world. Right now they do it with trade agents who ad hoc go around talk to people, nothing systematic or quantitative. Can we develop a system to find targets for UK exports. Develop a model and beta test over the next year and identify markets for 4 or 5 products in the United States. (Barbour jacket sells in Princeton vs Boulder). What is the hidden indicator. Ratio starbucks coffee shops to independent coffee shops. Combination of intriguing factors and that capture subtle social differences. This could translate to business opportunity. Creatively combining census data with marketing data. Princeton has a statistical services group that can help you get this data. This will help you do your thesis faster and shows you are taking advantage of the resources that the university spends money on.

## Farming Productivity

Wants to look at making small holder farmer more productive (myanmar or cambodia). What is stopping these people from having their farms be more profitable. Access to market, transportation. Sexy data category => satellite data. Centinal two data (spectral analysis) => they can get a ton of information on what crop is growing but how well the crop is going. You have roads but also economic levels. Look at all the parameters that effect productivity on the ground. NASA are looking for people to use their data. NASA built it and want it to come. (nascent stage)

## Goals

---

Develop correlation matrices to identify features using PCA or NMF analysis. What dimensions have variability and are responsible for variation.

Develop composite measures. Democracy index, business ease index. Everyone wants a composite measure to rank and evaluate phenomena. Lord kelvin (**can't measure it you can't improve it**).

Ease of doing business measure => scale of 1-100. 10 things that go into this measure. Number of days to get a license. Number of pages to fill out in a form. They make up things that they think are indirect indicators of beuaracracy. Measure these, scale them, and weight them, and combine them. Why did you choose those indicators and why did you weight them this way. **despises anecdotal information**.

We can use PCA to identify the suites of indicators should be use.

We can use correlation coefficients to determine weightings through statistical analysis.

By combining all of the data together we will find the most important indicator for wax jackets, is starbucks over expensive bicycles.

**Reveals cultural indicator that would not have been looked at on its own except through a systematic approach.** We can discover the proxy measures that are not causal but never the less predictive of what we are interested in. We are not looking for causal relationships we are looking correlations because they can still be predictive. We don't have to identify the variables because it is a coupled system. Don't be concerned about the causal relationship but build predictive model.

This is an **ecosystem based approach**. We characterize the ecosystem through characteristics. I am going to characterize the ecosystem that creates the best sales for wax jackets that can measure subtle sociacultural factors that characterize the ecosystem.

Identify the terrorist via profiling. Its not the x-ray machine, but the series of coincidences and small clues and processing them. And we are going to create a quantitatively rigorous way of assesing the situation.

We have all the export and census data from Princeton. What form of factor analysis. This is something that can be built out through Jupyter notebooks.

They are going need to see a visual display. Edward Tufty => don't dumb things down but have a tremendous amount of content that this intuitive. Michael Bostock => he uses computer graphics for NYT D3. I have seen a lot of friends who writing code get interested in data vis and dashboards => the problem is that it is moving so fast. Things go from cool to looking corny in months. Let's stay on the analytical capability. Do not invest creative energy in fancy dynamic displays. Construct heat maps that indicate where best markets would be and amount economic benefits that can extracted.

### Next Steps

---

Write two page outline and make sure all the components are there. Do a couple iterations and then come back to Chris. He will come in with some ideas to enhance the COS aspect. Before he does that we need to make sure all of the components are there.

Two pages of bullets => sub headings and bullets, background, section on this, section on that, and there is a logical framework. Produce the content so that it can translate into a presentation. Be careful and recognize that they are going through a lot of effort. A thesis is as much about the faculty member as the student. We need to have conservative thesis in terms of meeting all of the requirements.