Narrowing scope and methodology

problem background has more than enough. Exports are important to the UK

Three things, export to the uk is important. Next section if you are going to do this and improve why have not poeple gone out and done this. What have been the barriers. Look into the material for those barriers and how I will be. This should be defining the work. These are the reasons they have not done it in the past. This can not be done on an ad hoc basis

Move weak signal analysis and market segmentation out of the problem background. DIT is about to hire 300 ITAs to go around looking for markets. Holistic quantitivae model to work with

keep this straight forward and logical and stream line. The thesis to remain focused. Start broad and narrow in on topic. Defining the scope of the work is important. For the purpose of this analysis. We will restrict our analysis. 

Move weak signal analysis out of conceptual framework.  This has been the traditional barriers. This is inherently a big data problem. These need a holistic approach. These need an ecosystem model.

UK needs to increase  => here are barriers => barriers need to be over come systematic => big data problem => big data problems can be addressed through ecosystem approach

reorganize approach section

I anaytical approach leads to taxonomy which leads to correlation and factor analysis

Each one of these in taxonomy we need to assign a value for. I could simoplify this model quite a bit. For the purposes of this study because we are restricting to the US and are already the exporting to the US.

Check if these are publicly traded. 

Add definition of SME and how you are focusing on it. This how the UK defines a small or medium sized entreprise. We are going to focus on the medium sized because large does their own thing and small is too small.

We have been thinking about B2C not B2B

You can solve this equation from both sides in terms of selecting companies. Selecting datasets match up best for the companies and figure out what companies you have info for.

Find a match between diverse suite of data sources that map to a set of companies. They can be used to characterize prime opportunites for some of these companies.

Add cycling to retail section. 

We have little tid bits here but not a full picture of what full landscape is. Looking for pie chart chart the rest of exports. Give the full picture. Define this by number of companies or by dollars

Translate data into buckets and indicators. Here is how I am going to profile consumers ect. Here is all the data I am going to be using. Start thinking of measures you are going to use to characterize consumer and the supplier. 

I am looking to find the best markets for comapnies or look at best company for market. This is can be used for both. But I am focusing on prime markets for companies. In terms of alogorithm this takes care of one box. This gets rid of one whole box in terms of the supply potential. For the purposes of this study I am going to hold to this markets in the US. I am creating this structure but I am focusing on this as an example. Creating a system that full flexibility and do anything but for the pruposes of illustrating how the system will work we are going to run this for the US and this test group to identify prime markets. Go deep on something. 

This will allow for focus on the systems on architecture. Lets reframe the problem. 

I will go through and reorganize this. And then I will start populating raw persistant storage layer. You need to demonstrate that you are pulling in multuple different types. Check off that big data box. You need to show that we are collecting lots of different types of data form different sources. 

Looking at folding bicycles and food and beverages. Characterizing really great markets in the US. Here is what I can get from income tax and census data or starbucks zillows. Here is what I can pull from breweries. Anything that I have that I can locate and assign to a population is what I want. The more creative you can be the better.

We are not going to be talking about sources we are going to be talking measures and the sources to obtain those. This will start populating the raw storage. 


Next steps are to re-structure the argument of your approach and to begin collecting measures that will be used for the analysis.

Here are some points you may wish to include and that will help you organize the structure of your argument…  

1. The capability will allow evaluations in either direction.  It can be used to match optimal markets to specific UK goods or services; or it can be used to identify optimal UK goods or services for specific markets.  For the purposes of this thesis, however, we illustrate the ability to identify prime markets in the US for UK exports.  

2.  The challenge of improving UK exports is extremely well-suited to big data analytics.  It is the type of of problem that defies a single solution and is characterized by a myriad of dynamically interconnected variables.  It occurs in complex systems, where causal relationships are not aways direct, and where the circumstances vary from location to location. While such problems may defy linear approaches, outcomes can be predicted.  We predict outcomes through an “ecosystem” approach – a holistic approach that parameterizes the ecosystem and allows for predictive modeling. 

3. We will be proposing an ecosystem approach with big data analytics.  We will create a conceptual framework.  That conceptual framework will be translated into a taxonomy that allows us to organize logically the analysis.  Algorithms will be generated based on the conceptual framework and taxonomy.  The analytical approach is designed be iterative and continue to be refined as we learn more and evaluate performance. 

# TODO

Narrow scope and methodology in problem background. Explain why UK exports are important. Explain why people are not going out and improving this (what are the barriers). These are the reasons it has not been done and that an ad hoc methodology won't. This is why a holistic approach using an ecosystem model will overcome those barriers. 

Move weak signal analysis and market segmentation description out of problem background. Potentially delete market segmentation.

Use phrases like "for the purpose of this analysis" and "we will restrict our analysis" to keep the scope tight and remain focused and streamlined
Move weak signal analysis out of conceptual framework

Make conceptual framework go as follows: UK needs to increase exports => here are the barriers to doing that => barriers need to be overcome systematically not on an ad hoc basis => this a big data problem => big data problems can be addressed with an ecosystem approach => "The challenge of improving UK exports is extremely well-suited to big data analytics. It is the type of of problem that defies a single solution and is characterized by a myriad of dynamically interconnected variables. It occurs in complex systems, where causal relationships are not aways direct, and where the circumstances vary from location to location. While such problems may defy linear approaches, outcomes can be predicted. We predict outcomes through an “ecosystem” approach – a holistic approach that parameterizes the ecosystem and allows for predictive modeling."

Reorganize the approach section. Analytical approach leads to taxonomy which leads to correlation and factor analysis. Description => "We will be proposing an ecosystem approach with big data analytics. We will create a conceptual framework. That conceptual framework will be translated into a taxonomy that allows us to organize logically the analysis. Algorithms will be generated based on the conceptual framework and taxonomy. The analytical approach is designed be iterative and continue to be refined as we learn more and evaluate performance."

Discuss which parts of the taxonomy are applicable since we are restricting our focus to companies already exporting to the US

Ensure that selected companies are not publicly traded

Add definition of SME. This should be in the context of how UK defines small medium and large sized enterprises.  We are going to focus on medium sized because growth of small enterprises exports is too small to matter and large enterprises already have it figured out.

Eliminate B2C companies for list

Solve the company and dataset selection problem from both sides. Pick datasets that best match up to companies and companies that best match up to datasets.

Add cycling to the retail section.

Create a pie chart of what exports looks like in a fuller picture broken down by sector. Currently I am only giving little pieces of info.

Translate data into buckets and indicators. Here is how I am going to profile consumers or suppliers. Here is how I am going to profile environment.

Discuss problem dual. You can look for the best market for a given company or the best company for a given market. I am focusing the former. This narrows the focus of the algorithm by eliminating the need to focus on the supply potential. Although I am focusing on US markets matching to companies, the system we are creating has the full flexibility to do all facets but for the purpose of illustrating how the system will work we are going to run this for the US and this test group to identify prime markets. => "The capability will allow evaluations in either direction. It can be used to match optimal markets to specific UK goods or services; or it can be used to identify optimal UK goods or services for specific markets. For the purposes of this thesis, however, we illustrate the ability to identify prime markets in the US for UK exports."

Begin collecting measures that are created from the data sources.