Send an email to Chris about thesis to drop by

What level of resolution or granularity are you going to collect this data? State, county, or township

These are the equivalent of the counties or the townships they are in. At what administrative level are we going to profile the locations? These are called administrative levels

Every step in resolution has an order of magnitude more data.

You can add selection criteria for locations. Decide on administrative levels for US and UK. List the different admin levels.
 
Don't become paralyzed by not having it same level or does not have the same granularity

Immediately structuring the US and UK databases. Make a decision on structuring and populating databases.

1) Populate the database

2) Then look at all the data collected create indicators. Let the indicators reveal themselves

Make a big column that has every measure you are looking at and at the row every township

Imagine that you are layering on a map.

Some measures you will have to standardize for the population density. Think about how to map indicators down to lower granularity if you have normalized (like Starbucks locations).

If you start doing averages be careful to weight them.

we are doing exploratory analysis not confirmatory analysis (confirming a hypothesis) We are generating hypothesis from the analysis

keep a list of a data dictionary (all the data that we are going to use). Decide lingo are we calling average income an indicator or measures. Adopt what the UN does (composite measures and indicators combine to form measures). Look up how the UN does their terminology. And we will adopt their usage.

roughly thinking to get the database assembled in the next couple weeks and by the last week of the month starting to put together correlation matrices the week of the 27th.

1) Send Chris email

2) Build database

Download by census tracts and then filter by population density. 

Get an image comparing the size by square miles and number of people of the census tracts in the US and UK

Use ARCGIS javascript library 

Make sure to normalize for population density and size

Create a preliminary list of indicators. What is the unit of analysis or pixel size. Areas where you have high ratios of Ted with population density under the age of 21

in each one of these areas we need to normalize by population size / density 
we need to normalize by unit of currency or temperature since measured differently in different countries

create dataset of population density for filtering and normalizing. If you want a more nuanced 

start assembling the list of indicators (well over 100 indicators)

drinking age population density is important

find college location datasets (top world universities)

reach out to brewdog on twitter

separate out data work  and system work and proposal work 


